Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Would you like another drink?
A coffee?
I'll get you one.
Don't bother.
You must have suspected something.
"We have to meet".
I always say "We have to see each other".
But this time...
"We have to meet".
"I have to see you".
You said. "I have to see you".
It's on the voicemail. You can listen.
Forget it. Undine.
Fine. okay.
I will have a coffee after all.
After that I have to go.
Was that her?
I have to go now.
You said you love me.
For ever.
- Undine. please.
- You can't go.
If you leave me. I'll have to kill you.
You know that.
Stop this crap.
Johannes?
I'm going to work now.
I have a break in half an hour.
then I'll come back.
You're going to wait here
and tell me that you still love me.
If you leave. you have to die.
Do you understand?
- Do you understand. Johannes?
- Yes.
Morning. Ms Wibeau.
Ms Wibeau!
They're waiting for you.
Hello. ladies and gentlemen.
I welcome you on behalf of the Senator
for Urban Development and Housing.
here at 3. Kollnische Strasse
in Berlin-Mitte.
My name is Undine Wibeau.
I'm a historian and my job at the Senate
is to take care of national...
and international guests.
I was informed that you all have
a good command of German. so...
if no one objects.
I will give my talk in German.
So. let's begin. First of all.
I'll give you some information
on the four models.
The main attraction
is the model of Berlin dating from 1991.
After reunification in 1990.
construction efforts were focused
on the former East Berlin inner city.
known as the "historic centre".
To better assess the effects
of building projects on urban planning.
this blueprint was created.
The pre-1990 building stock
is presented here in white.
the brown buildings are those
that have been built since.
and those with incomplete facades
are planned but have yet to be built.
The GDR planning model on your right
shows the city council's
building stock in East Berlin's centre
before 1989.
It is. so to speak.
an idealized self-portrait
of the socialist city
shortly before its collapse.
The loving attention to detail
in the facades is remarkable.
The coloured plastic gives this model
its East German charm.
inasmuch as one might appreciate that.
Unfortunately. part of the model is
on loan to a GDR nostalgia exhibit.
As I'm sure you know.
the collapse of the GDR.
which some call a revolution.
has its 30th anniversary.
The model will be complete in autumn.
and it can only be seen here
in its entirety as a photograph.
The model on the opposite wall
extends the focus
to areas of the western inner city.
The detailed presentation
of the courtyards
provides a good insight
into typical Wilhelmine
tenement housing in Berlin
in the "Grunderzeit" era of the 1900s.
I'll return to that later in more detail.
The tactile model for our blind
or visually impaired visitors
covers the largest area.
None of the models here
come close to representing
the full extent of Berlin.
The tactile model
doesn't even encompass the area
inside the S-Bahn train line.
Due to its distinctive and
easily recognisable shape on the map.
this area is called the "dog's head".
It covers an area of 90 square km.
which makes up
about one tenth of Berlin's total area.
The modern-day boundaries of Berlin
can be traced back
to the Greater Berlin Act of 1920.
which consolidated Berlin
and its outlying towns and suburbs
into a single administrative entity.
We need not look far
to find Berlin's origins:
They lie
just a few hundred metres downriver.
where the Muhlendamm Bridge
crosses the River Spree.
Can any of you show us
where we are right now?
I can!
Here.
Am I right?
Yes.
The exact date Berlin was founded
remains a mystery.
but the first structures probably emerged
at the turn of the 13th century
when traders built settlements here:
One on the east side
with St. Nicholas' Church.
the other on Colin Island
with St. Peter's Church.
Why here?
The name Berlin.
which is Slavic in origin.
means "marsh"
or "dry place in the marsh".
Johannes?
Undine!
Excuse me?
I just wanted to say
that your talk was great.
I'm usually underwater.
I'm an industrial diver.
I'm checking the bridges here.
and I came here for a coffee.
I was thinking maybe...
you'd like to have a coffee
during your break?
Your phone's on the floor.
I'll get it for you. okay?
I didn't want to impose.
it was a bit rude of me.
No problem. I'll be off. then.
Don't move!
Does it hurt?
I'll pull it out. okay?
Here's another one.
It looks pretty deep.
Is this an industrial diver?
You assholes!
Stupid assholes!
I hope you're well insured.
I can't believe this!
What was wrong?
We thought we might have to pull you up.
I saw the catfish.
The catfish?
Yes.
You mean THE catfish?
Big Gunther?
So. how big is he? This big?
This big? Or maybe this big?
Hey. guys!
Let's pack up.
Well. I'd say at least two metres.
I don't believe a word of it.
I don't want to get stuck
at Kamener junction for two hours!
Guys!
- Did you record it?
- Why?
- Did you?
- Of course.
- Is something wrong?
- I want to see it.
- He saw Gunther.
- Who?
- Gunther. the catfish.
- Nonsense!
Christoph is absolutely sure of it.
- She doesn't believe me.
- I don't believe him.
Watch it while we're driving.
- Christoph isn’t coming.
- No?
- He's not coming.
- He's staying here?
- The whole weekend.
- What for?
He's waiting for Undine.
That's up to him.
Oh. shit!
- Gunther is really ugly.
- Yes. he is..
Let's pack up.
Come on.
I don't want to get stuck in traffic.
I messed up.
How?
The hotel.
Did it explode?
It's a pity it didn't.
I see.
They took the stitches out.
Did it hurt?
- Keep going.
- Six stitches.
Keep going!
Now you can go in the water again.
Undine!
- Christoph!
- Spit it out! - That hurts.
But you have to...
I'm okay.
I only let go for a second.
to show you something.
Your name's written down there.
What were you singing?
Stayin' alive.
We learned it.
Because of the rhythm.
Can you revive me again?
What? Now?
Please.
If anyone sees us.
- they'll think it's an emergency.
- Please!
I can revive you at home.
Why are you dressed?
I have to get my train.
Yes. I have to go too.
- You can sleep some more. Christoph.
- No. wait a sec.
Chop-chop!
Come on.
I didn't fall asleep.
Yes. you did.
- I just closed my eyes.
- You fell asleep!
- Shut your eyes.
- Why?
Close your eyes!
How long have we been sitting here?
Three minutes?
Five minutes?
I love you.
Ten minutes?
25 minutes.
Your train's here.
This is for you.
I'll call you!
When plans to rebuild East Berlin
were presented in Moscow.
they were categorically rejected
by political leaders there.
The workers' apartments designed by
Scharoun's collective were too modest.
the family homes with small gardens
were too bourgeois.
the street layout was too provincial.
They demanded a prestigious solution.
using Moscow as a model.
that would express their grand ideas
for social change and progress.
Architecture worthy of the significance
of Germany's socialist capital:
A city centre with large axes
and monumental buildings.
not faceless. boxy. American-style
architecture with no sense of history.
In short. an architecture
in keeping with national traditions.
Just years after the war. hadn't the term
"national" been forever discredited
by National Socialism?
According to Soviet revolutionary theory:
certainly not.
Undine?
Undine. I'm sorry but...
You were fast asleep. and...
The group from Leverkusen
is coming at 11 tomorrow.
You'll do Humboldt Forum. okay?
- Gloria's doing it.
- Gloria's sick.
But I'd have to start from scratch!
Can't I do the Hobrecht-Plan?
They want the forum.
Apparently they have a palace too.
- and they have similar plans.
- How will I manage it?
You'll manage.
We need it in text form. unfortunately.
- But I could use Gloria's text.
- We can't reach Gloria!
Okay. see you tomorrow. And thanks.
Over the next three centuries the palace
was extended and altered several times...
until the beginning
of the 18th century...
when it had more or less...
reached its final form.
The...
The Berlin Palace was the largest Baroque
secular structure north of the Alps.
with a floor area of nine hectares.
Nine hectares. and...
Nine hectares...
Nine hectares and 1.200 rooms.
Nine hectares. 1.200 rooms...
It was difficult to heat
and disliked by its owners.
The palace was initially located
at the western boundary of the city.
As the city expanded westwards.
it shifted
towards the city centre
and became the focal point of the city.
forming the hub for the surrounding
buildings and the starting point
for the avenue named "Unter den Linden".
the Prussian "Via Triumphalis".
Undine?
Christoph?
The control unit on turbine 2
is defective and...
...the hub for the surrounding buildings
and the starting point
for the avenue named "Unter den Linden".
the Prussian "Via Triumphalis".
Thus the layout of the palace district.
with the Berlin Cathedral. Zeughaus...
becomes evident with the palace
as a reference point.
This aspect.
the revival of the city's lost centre.
would later serve
as the key argument in the debate...
It fell onto the floor.
Yeah?
The leg broke off.
but I glued it on again.
I was so angry. I cried.
I love this diver.
I was so upset that...
that it fell down.
You can't even notice it.
You glued it really well.
Are you practicing?
- I have to give a talk tomorrow.
- Really? What about?
- The stupid Humboldt Forum.
- When? - At 11 a.m.
Oh. at 11. Okay.
I'll be at work by then.
I'd have liked to hear it.
I bet it's going to be great.
I'm sorry.
I'll fix it.
- What?
- I'll paint it.
- Forget it.
- I'm a good painter.
Screw the wall.
Wait a moment!
Can you do your talk for me?
What?
Please?
- Now?
- Yes.
It's totally boring.
No. it isn't.
Not at all.
You say such clever things.
So many clever things.
and in such a nice way.
The palace
was initially located
at the western boundary of the city.
As the city expanded westwards.
it shifted towards the city centre
becoming the focal point of the city.
the hub for the surrounding buildings.
and the starting point
for the avenue named "Unter den Linden".
the Prussian "Via Triumphalis".
The layout of the palace district.
with the Cathedral. Zeughaus.
Lustgarten and Altes Museum
only becomes evident
with the palace as a reference point.
This aspect. the revival of the city's
lost centre. was the key argument
for the reconstruction
of the city palace.
In World War II
most of the palace was destroyed.
although in the early post-war years.
some rooms
were still used for exhibitions etc.
If the GDR socialist party
had been interested.
it certainly could have been rebuilt.
as proven by the reconstruction
of Charlottenburg Palace in the West.
But East Berlin's
urban development planners
wanted to use the palace site
as a parade ground
where. according to Walter Ulbricht.
the people could express their will
to fight and rebuild their nation.
So in autumn 1950.
despite numerous protests.
the ruins of the palace were demolished
because. as it was rumoured
they couldn't demolish
both the cathedral and the palace.
The empty space was partially filled by
the Palace of the Republic in the 1970s.
but a gaping. almost surreal wasteland
remained in the centre of the city.
at least to Western eyes.
And one sensed the phantom pain
of a violent amputation.
Can anyone maybe show me the spot
where the palace once stood?
- How about you?
- Me?
Come on. I'll help you.
Well? Have you got an idea?
There!
Not bad.
After reunification.
a discussion soon developed
about how to make use
of this space in the city centre.
In 2002 the Bundestag voted to rebuild
the palace
with a replica of the old facade.
We owe the reconstruction of the palace
to a sleight of hand:
In 1993 the association for the
reconstruction of the palace
created a simulation of the palace facade
to show Berlin residents what
they had lost in the heart of the city.
It was a success. The public supported
a historical reconstruction of the palace
which would mainly serve as a museum
space under the name Humboldt Forum.
Modern architectural theory teaches us
that the design of a building
can be derived
from the best possible realization
of its intended use
Form follows function.
In the centre of Berlin now stands
a museum built in the 21st century...
in the form
of an 18th-century ruler's palace.
The deceptive part lies in the hypothesis
that this makes no real difference.
which is the same as claiming
that progress is impossible.
Quite a statement.
even if one doesn't agree.
Call me.
- Do you have a moment?
- No.
Your talk starts at 11.
So you have a bit of time.
The...
The thing with Nora
was a huge mistake.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to split up with her.
Johannes. I'm going now.
Listen. when is your break?
I'll wait in our cafe. okay?
See you.
Hello. ladies and gentlemen.
I welcome you on behalf of the Senator
for Urban Development and Housing.
here at 3. Kollnische Strasse
in Berlin-Mitte.
My name is Undine Wibeau.
I'm a historian
and my job at the Senate is to take care
of national and international guests.
Over the next 30 minutes
I'd like to give you a cursory overview
of some aspects of urban development in
Berlin with the help of the models here.
Together we will take a special look
at the history of Berlin Palace.
I've never seen you
in your work clothes before.
You look great.
Sexy.
It suits you.
Come on.
Sit down.
Do you have to go straight back?
You have time for a cappuccino. hm?
A cappuccino for the lady.
She's not getting a cappuccino.
- Pardon me?
- She's not getting anything.
She's banned from here. and she knows it.
You have three minutes to leave.
Did I miss something?
Listen:
I just called the "Bleiche"
and booked us that room.
Remember?
The one overlooking the pond. Our room.
The one you liked so much.
I'll wait here. and when you're done.
we'll drive straight there.
- Hello?
- Stayin' alive!
What?
- Hello?
- I'm listening to it.
I heard all the covers.
but the original's the best.
Undine?
I have to ask you something.
In the café...
the place that banned us.
with the aquarium...
I followed you back then.
- in your break...
- Christoph? Christoph?
- Christoph?
- Hello?
Wait. I can't hear you very well.
- Can you hear me?
- Yes. try it now.
Were you waiting for someone?
For someone in particular?
I wasn't waiting for anyone.
If you love someone.
you have to tell the truth.
I wasn't waiting for anyone!
You're lying.
No!
This morning on the way
to the train station.
we saw a couple on the path.
You stared after the man.
I could feel your heart beating.
When he walked past
your heart skipped a beat.
Was it him?
- I don't know...
- Is that who you were waiting for?
what you expect me to say.
- You lied to me.
- No!
No... Christoph!
Hello. you have reached the voicemail...
Christoph?
Yes.
I was waiting for someone in the café.
His name is Johannes.
I was waiting for him.
I loved him. but he didn't show up.
I thought I couldn't live without him.
And you're right:
I was crying.
And the guy on the bridge...
That was him.
Maybe my heart did skip a beat.
but then it started beating again
under your hand.
And then I understood
that I wasn't waiting for him:
I was waiting for you.
And that made me happy.
More happy than
I'd ever been in my life.
Call me. okay?
- Hey. there. Sorry.
- Christoph!
Could you please.
- Stay here please. madam.
- Let go of me!
Let go of me! Christoph!
Stop!
- Are you Undine?
- Yes. Tell them to let me go.
- Keep hold of her.
- What the hell?
Christoph had an accident.
The turbine suddenly opened
and we couldn't get him up in time.
His leg got trapped and he was
deprived of oxygen for a long time.
- The control unit...
- Which hospital?
- I'm sorry. Undine.
Solingen Accident Unit.
They're specialists.
If you wait a moment.
I'll drive you there.
Undine?
He went 12 minutes without air.
They say he's brain dead.
Did... he say anything?
He was unconscious when we...
finally pulled him out.
- It was 12 minutes...
- I mean before that.
Before?
He called me last night.
- Last night?
- Yes. and...
- I lied to him.
- Last night?
You two didn't talk last night.
What?
You didn't talk to each other last night.
We did. I...
- We argued on the phone. and...
- He began his dive
at 2:30 p.m. yesterday afternoon.
We pulled him out at 2:57 p.m.
He was declared brain dead
here in the hospital at 3:40 p.m.
So stop talking bullshit. okay?
No. we talked last night.
He's dead.
and you're saying such bullshit!
Undine!
Christoph!
Aren't you hungry?
Just six more lengths.
You call that the butterfly?
- Johannes. it's almost nine. Come on!
- I'm coming.
Your parents are almost here. Hurry up.
Okay.
Johannes?
Undine!
I want to see Undine.
Calm down. my friend.
Secondly. officials were unaware of the
cause of Berlin's poor housing situation.
Was it the high purchasing costs.
service costs. or the financing costs
on the mortgage market?
Or was it certain speculative practices
on the real estate market?
This discussion lasted almost 50 years
until they finally agreed on an answer:
The decisive factor was land value.
and that was determined
by pricing the anticipated yield
into the sales price.
Attempts at social housing construction
reform remained unsuccessful for years.
Despite all the discussions.
speeches. exhibits. treatises. protests.
during the entire Wilhelmine era.
nothing changed.
After its end. on November 9. 1918.
everything changed.
1871/72 at the court of the Great...
- I was just at your talk. and...
- We'll continue shortly.
Excuse me. but I need the break.
- The Hobrecht-Plan isn't my strong point.
- I'm looking for Undine.
- Undine Wibeau?
- Yes.
I haven't seen her for months.
Do you know where I can find her?
No idea. Didn't she...
- live in a block at Hackescher Markt?
- I already went there.
Do you know anyone who knows her?
She was a freelancer.
I don't know. Okay...
I have to go.
You see.
- I can't find her anywhere.
- I'm sorry. but...
I have to carry on now. you see.
TWO YEARS LATER
Jochen called.
He's got a job for us.
Two turbines in the Lingese.
He said you don't have to do it.
He can get a stand-in from Hamburg.
- Ludger Feigl. He has time...
- I'll do it.
I'll call him.
I have to drink this crap.
and you want to risk it again?
Hey...
It was so long ago.
Everything will be fine.
- I felt it move.
- Oh. come on!
- It moved.
- Stop it!
- I swear it!
- No way. it's only the 16th week!
It's huge. Such gigantic...
- movements.
- Stop it!
What's he doing down there?
Can you see anything?
No.
Bring him up.
What happened?
Nothing.
I just dropped something. It's fine.
I was scared.
What was it?
I don't know.
The welding joints look great.
Everything's fine.
Undine!
Christoph!